Add wundergraph on top of apis (#64)
powerhouse-inc/switchboard-boilerplate: wundergraph/README.md

Reviewer: - [ ] Please add `Quick start` instructions if the user wants to start the service outside docker, eg:

1. Create `wundergraph/.env` file and set required variables
2. Start both services that needs to be merged
3. Run ` ` command to start
4. Open http://

- [ ] Please add explanation of the service with links to the `wundergraph` docs

## Environment variables

> - `ECOSYSTEM_URL` (optional, default to `http://localhost:4000/graphql`): Link to the ecosystem graphql endpoint.
> - `SWITCHBOARD_URL` (optional, default to `http://localhost:3001/graphql`): Link to the switchboard graphql endpoint.

Reviewer: Both `SWITCHBOARD_URL` and `ECOSYSTEM_URL` are quite opaque names (I would expect it's URL to a service, not to the graphql endpoint)

Also, note about CORS would be good, since it's a known problem

```suggestion
- `ECOSYSTEM_GQL_ENDPOINT` (required): Link to the graphql endpoint that needs to be migrated (for example `https://countries.trevorblades.com/graphql`)
   - Please note that the underlying service need to set appropriate CORS settings
- `SWITCHBOARD_GQL_ENDPOINT` (optional, default `http://localhost:3001/graphql`): Link to the switchboard graphql endpoint
```
